Guidance on when to submit and package stability (#121)
ropensci/dev_guide: softwarereview_author.Rmd

    -   If you would like your package to also be submitted to
        [Journal of Open-Source Software](http://joss.theoj.org/) (JOSS), it should include a `paper.md` file describing the package. More detail on JOSS's requirements can be found [at their website](http://joss.theoj.org/about#author_guidelines).
    -   If you choose this option you should *not* submit your package to JOSS separately. It will be evaluated by JOSS based on the rOpenSci review.

> - Please do not submit your package too early or too late in its development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please consider the best time in your package's development to submit.  Your package should be sufficiently mature so that reviewers are able to review all essential aspects, but keep in mind that review may result in major changes.
```

    - If you use [repostatus.org badges](https://www.repostatus.org/) (which we recommend), submit when you're ready to get an _Active_ instead of _WIP_ badge. Similarly, if you use [lifecycle badges](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/), submission should happen if the package is at least _Maturing_.

>     - At the submission stage, major functions are stable enough to be fully documented and tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - At the submission stage, all major functions should be stable enough to be fully documented and tested.
```
